Reviews core terms (#1794)
temporalio/documentation: docs/php/activities.md

> Activity promise also exposes `then` method to construct promise chains.
> Read more about Promises [here](https://github.com/reactphp/promise).

> Alternatively you can explicitly wrap your code (including `yield` constucts) using `Workflow::async` which will execute nested code in parallel with main Workflow code.
> Call `yeild` on Promise returned by `Workflow::async` to merge execution result back to primary Workflow method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can explicitly wrap your code (including `yield` constucts) using `Workflow::async`, which executes nested code in parallel with main Workflow code.
Call `yield` on the Promise returned by `Workflow::async` to merge the execution result back to the primary Workflow method.
```
